
In the text enclosed in triple quotation marks, find important information that provides the answers to the two questions below:
1. Does the Contractor have to provide any deposit before completing the Employer's order? Answer "yes" or "no".
2. Does the Contractor need to have additional qualifications or past experience in performing assignments or contracts similar to those discussed in this document? Answer "yes" or "no".

Provide your answer in two lines corresponding to the above questions, with each line containing only the number 0 if the answer to the first question is "no" or the number 1 if the answer is "yes". Write the answers in a format like so:
Question 1 - [answer]
Question 2 - [answer]
where square brackets contain only 'yes' or 'no'.
Below is the text in triple quotation marks in which you have to find the answers:

"""pl/tenders-section = 443 & section = 449 & section = 455 & section = 461 & section = 467 & section = 473 & Section = 479 3) meets all the requirements specified in the content of the "Bidder's statement" on the purchasing platform Connect. VII.Required statements 1) The Contractor is obliged on the Connect shopping platform: a) confirm the formal condition: entry in the RKW, 
news of the entry to the required scope necessary for the performance of the contract in question, lack of suspension or exclusion in rights of the RKW and meeting the conditions for participation in the proceedings specified in the query offer; b) confirm the fulfillment of the conditions specified in the content of the "bidder's statement" available on the Connect shopping 
platform; VIII.Method of submitting the offer 1) The offer should be submitted on the Connect shopping platform at: https://connect.orlen.pl/servlet/homeservlet?fromorg=eop by filling the required fields, in the time limit set for submitting offers, specified on the abovementionedPlatform.Offers sent to another path They will not be considered and included when choosing a contractor. 2) The settlement between the contracting authority and the contractor will be carried out in the currency of PLN. 3) On the Connect purchasing platform, provide the net value of the offer. 4) the net value given in the offer should contain all costs and elements related to performance of the subject of the order. 5) The value of the net offer is a value expressed in monetary units, which the Employer He is obliged to pay the contractor for the implementation of the subject of the contract. 6) submitting offers is possible only for contractors who have an account on the platform Purchasing Connect. 7) All costs related to the preparation and preparation of the offer shall be borne by the contractor. 8) The Ordering Party does not allow submission of offers for part of the order. 9) The Ordering Party does not allow the submission of variant offers. 4 IXOffer evaluation criteria The lowest net value for making the subject will decide on the selection of the best offer orders, with a weight of 100%. X. Selection of the offer 1) The contract award procedure is closed. 2) In the course of the examination and evaluation of submitted offers, the Employer may request the Contractors to explain regarding the content of their offers submitted or supplementing them. 3) The choice of the contractor is made between bidders whose offers meet all Requirements of the Ordering Party. 4) if the Contractor whose offer has been selected is evading the conclusion of the contract in the case Orders 
Ordering Party chooses the best offer from the other offers or maybe cancel the proceedings. XICancellation of the proceedings The contracting authority reserves the right to complete the purchasing procedure at every stage without selecting the offer and without giving a reason.The contractor is not entitled to any of this claims against the contracting authority. XII.Negotiations 1) The Ordering Party reserves the right to conduct the second stage of proceedings as part of the negotiations commercial, in the form specified by the Ordering Party.During the commercial negotiations of the Contractor They may submit additional offers containing new proposals in the content of the offer subject assessment under the criteria for evaluation of offers 
indicated by the Employer. 2) If the subject of the contract has not changed, the additional offer may not be less favorable than Primary offers in the offer evaluation criterion. 3) the original offer ceases to bind the Contractor to the extent that he will submit an additional offer containing more favorable proposals under the offer evaluation criterion. 4) If the bidder fails to submit an additional offer, the original offer is considered to be binding The bidder, provided that the date of binding the original offer has not yet expired. XIII.Safeguard In the conducted proceedings performance of the contract. XIV."""